c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.pdb
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.apk
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid-Signed.apk
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.pdb
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.dll
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.pdb
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\HausbauBuch.Droid.apk
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\schindler.mrp\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.AppIndexing.dll
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Base.dll
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.GooglePlayServices.Basement.dll
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\tablayout.xml
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\activities.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\add.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\appointments.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\contacts.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\documents.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\enviroment.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\garden.png
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\obj\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.dll.mdb
c:\Users\schindler.MRP\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch\HausbauBuch.Droid\bin\Debug\HausbauBuch.Droid.dll.mdb
